feat: bgp peers snapshot comparison (#154)
PaloAltoNetworks/pan-os-upgrade-assurance: docs/panos-upgrade-assurance/configuration_details.mdx

</Tabs>
```

### `bgp_peers`

Compares configuration and the status of BGP peers.

**Method:** [`SnapshotCompare.get_diff_and_threshold()`](/panos/docs/panos-upgrade-assurance/api/snapshot_compare#snapshotcompareget_diff_and_threshold)

**Configuration parameters**

parameter | description
--- | ---
`properties` | (optional) a set of properties to skip when comparing two BGP peers, all properties are checked when this parameter is skipped

> `count_change_threshold` | (optional) maximum difference percentage of changed entries in IPSec tunnels in both snapshots, skipped when this property is not specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`count_change_threshold` | (optional) maximum difference percentage of changed entries in BGP peers in both snapshots, skipped when this property is not specified
```
